1) What is React?
  React is a Javascript library for building User Interfaces,Developed by Facebook in 2011.
  When it comes to react, it's all about components.
  It is mainly used for creating single-page applications (SPAs).

2)Why React is known as ‘React’?
  The name ‘React’ was chosen because the library was designed to allow developers to react to changes in state and data within an application, 
  and to update the user interface in a declarative and efficient manner.

3)What is a CDN?
  A Content Delivery Network (CDN) is a network of distributed servers strategically placed across different geographic locations
  to deliver content (such as images, videos, stylesheets, scripts, and other assets) quickly to users.

4)What is Library?
   Library is a collections of prewritten code snippets that can be used and reused to perform certain tasks.
   A particular JavaScript library code can be plugged into application code which leads to faster development and fewer vulnerabilities to 
   have errors.
   Examples: React, jQuery

5)What is Framework?
 Framework provides a basic foundation or structure for a website or an application.

6) Difference between Library and Framework?
   A key difference between the two is Inversion of control. When using a library, the control remains with the developer who 
   tells the application when to call library functions. When using a framework, the control is reversed, which means that 
   the framework tells the developer where code needs to be provided and calls it as it requires.

7)Similarities between Library and Framework?
 Frameworks and libraries are code written by third parties to solve regular/common problems or to optimise performance.


8)What is crossorigin in script tag?
  Cross Origin:The crossorigin attribute in the script tag enables CrossOrigin Resource Sharing (CORS) for loading external JavaScript 
  files from different origin than the hosting web page. 
  CrossOrigin Resource Sharing (CORS):Browsers doesnt allow to access one origin into different origin .It is security feature implemented by 
  web Browser.

9) What is difference between react.development.js and react.production.js files via CDN? 
    During Development → Use react.development.js to catch errors early.
    In Production → Use react.production.min.js for better performance.

10)What is diference between React and ReactDOM
   React is for creating UI components.
   ReactDOM is for rendering those components into the browser DOM. 🚀
